model-registry: update the installation guide (#4042)
kubeflow/website: content/en/docs/components/model-registry/installation.md

Kubeflow Model Registry is available as an opt-in alpha component in Kubeflow Platform 1.9+, see [Installing Kubeflow](/docs/started/installing-kubeflow/) to learn more about deploying the Kubeflow Platform.

These instructions assume that you've installed Kubeflow from the [manifests](https://github.com/kubeflow/manifests/), if you're using a distribution consult its documentation instead.

> <!-- TODO: After v1.10, this should use the latest version of the manifests repo instead. -->

Reviewer: I don't think it's the case we need to "wait" for v1.10, as the difference may be whether MR is installed by default in the example installation, or not. But in this latter case (not installed by default example installation) we should always refer to the MR repo imho. wdyt?

Author: The original docs suggested the manifests repo, so I assumed that was desirable. But these instructions won't work with 1.9 and I didn't want to use a 1.10 RC, thus the comment. But if using the manifests from MR repo is OK, we can do that and I'll remove this comment.

```sh
PROFILE_NAME=<your-profile>
for DIR in options/istio overlays/db ; do (cd $DIR; kustomize edit set namespace $PROFILE_NAME); done
```

{{% alert title="Note" color="info" %}}
> If you're not sure of the profile name, you can find it in the name space drop-down on the Kubeflow Dashboard.
{{% /alert %}}

Now apply the manifests:

```sh
kubectl apply -k overlays/db
kubectl apply -k options/istio
kubectl apply -k options/ui/overlays/istio
```

It may take a few minutes for the pods to be ready, you can check the status of the pods in your profile namespace:

```sh
kubectl get pods -n $PROFILE_NAME -w
```

Finally, configure a Model Registry link in the Kubeflow Dashboard:

```sh
kubectl get configmap centraldashboard-config -n kubeflow -o json | jq '.data.links |= (fromjson | .menuLinks += [{"icon": "assignment", "link": "/model-registry/", "text": "Model Registry", "type": "item"}] | tojson)' | kubectl apply -f - -n kubeflow
```

### Standalone installation

> It is also possible to install Model Registry without separately from Kubeflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is also possible to install Model Registry as a standalone deployment, separately from Kubeflow.
```

Author: Ugh.. one of these days I'll learn English. Thanks for the catch.

Reviewer: glad to help
